Create a premium look and feel for a calculator app for TrufflShuffl.com   The calculators must include, Invesment calculator, loan calculator, Mortgage calculator, Bond Calculator, Amortization calculator. These should include all possible scenarios so that the user will return to the app over and over again. Terms , Investment type, loan type, mortgage type bond type, capital amount, compounded interest, must show a compound interest calc vs a simple interest calc.The app must also be able to calculate the price of petrol,gas, diesel, based on per litre and per gallon price, there should also be a trip calculator which covers the distance from one place to another as well as being able to calculate how much fuel is required for the distance travelled. This must include a time calculator which will determine how much time it will take at a certain speed to cover a certain distance, The app must include pool size calculator this is determining the amount of water per square metre, a paving area calculator and the number of pavers needed dependent upon paver size, provide paver size options, include a cost calculator for small renovations around the house, give a drop down with all possible renovations, all the variables must be considered, the same for paint calculator, litres or gallons needed, and room size square meter calculations. The app must support imperial and metric calculations. A professional and detailed calorie calculator must be included, User friendly BMI calculator to be included. Each of the calculators must show as thumb nails below a digital world clock indication the different time zones( this will be the landing page and all the calculators will appear as thumbnails professionally and premium displayed). Each thumbnail will open the specific calculator in a new page. For each calculator there must be a brief explanation why a user would use it, and how a user would use it, then there needs to be 150 word blog post of what people are saying about it, obviously we need positive reviews. All the pages must be able to be indexed by google adsense and all possible keywords must be appearing throughout the website and app. A sitemap must be included, detailed terms and conditions, privacy policy, contact and About page. Once again all must be indexed by google adsense, the PUB is  pub-9774952664394142 and the google html file is, google-site-verification: googlebf2a8e074a9d0427.html . Once again it must be a premium site and it is free to use any calculator. The version number for this app and web should show as V2.4.1 This legal notice must appear at the footer of each page, “Legal notice
TrufflShuffl® is a registered trademark. All intellectual property rights in and to the game are owned in South Africa by WordShuffl Trading.
This site is for educational and informational purposes only.
© 2026 TrufflShuffl.com. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
